MalwareBazaar fix (#18619)
demisto/content: Packs/MalwareBazaar/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### MalwareBazaar
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.28442*.

> - Fixed an issue in the ***malwarebazaar-file-process*** command, where the retrieved *yara_rules* was None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***malwarebazaar-file-process*** command, where an unexpected error occurred when no *yara_rules* were retrieved from the API call.
```

> - Fixed an issue in the ***malwarebazaar-file-process*** command, where the retrieved *yara_rules* was empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***malwarebazaar-file-process*** command, where the retrieved *yara_rules* was None.
```
